# Locally adaptive Bayesian covariance regression

This directory contains files for the Julia implementation of LABCR. Current files are

## Modules

- `SStools.jl`: Contains implementations of the Kalman filter and smoother, as well as functions to draw samples from the simulation smoother algorithm of [Durbin and Koopman](http://biomet.oxfordjournals.org/content/89/3/603.short).

- `NGPtools.jl`: Contains an implementation of the nested Gaussian process of [Zhu and Dunson](http://amstat.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/01621459.2013.838568#.VdsWUNNViko)

## Tests/Notebooks

- `test_signals.ipynb` generates test data with locally-varying smoothness after the examples in [Donoho and Johnstone](http://biomet.oxfordjournals.org/content/81/3/425.short). This notebook is in Python.

- `kalman_integration_test.ipynb` contains tests of the Kalman filter and smoother code.

- `kalman_interleaved_integration_tests.ipynb` contains tests of "univariate" Kalman filter/smoother algorithms that collapse vector-valued observations into a single univariate time series. This can result in large speedups when the covariance matrix of the observation model is diagonal.

- `integration_test_nGP_samples.ipynb` tests the ability of the code to draw samples from a (2, 1) nested Gaussian process.

- `MCMC_integration_test.ipynb` is an integration test for inference using the nested Gaussian process. It makes use of the data generated by `test_signals`.

- `make_labcr_test_data.ipynb` generates data from a time-varying factor process for testing LABCR and saves the results in a jld (HDF5) file.

- `labcr_integration_test.ipynb` tests the LABCR inference algorithm on the generated data.